feat(kinput): slot tooltip [khcp-7093] (#1351)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/input.md

## Slots

- `icon` - slot for icon on the left or right of the input (position can be controlled through [prop](#iconposition))

> - `label-tooltip` - slot for tooltip content if input has a label and label has tooltip (note: this slot is not available for `overlayLabel`)

Reviewer: question: should we need to point out that the slot overrides the `label-attributes`?

</KInput>
```

> If you want custom HTML in the input label's tooltip, use the slot.

Reviewer: suggestion
```suggestion
If you want to utilize HTML in the input label's tooltip, use the slot.
```

</KInput>
```

> If you want to utilize HTML in the input label's tooltip, use the slot.

Reviewer 2: nit: can you add a heading here?

<KInput label="My Tooltip">
  <template #label-tooltip>Brings all the <code>devs</code> to the yard</template>
</KInput>

```html
<KInput label="My Tooltip">
  <template #label-tooltip>Brings all the <code>devs</code> to the yard</template>
</KInput>
```

:::tip Note:

> By default, when using the `label-tooltip` slot the `info` `KIcon` will be shown, but you can get the `help` icon to display instead by setting the `label-attributes` `help` prop to any non-empty string value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When utilizing the `label-tooltip` slot, the `info` `KIcon` will be shown by default. To utilize the the `help` icon instead, set the `label-attributes` `help` property to any non-empty string value.
```
